Add release notes for v0.9.1 (#562)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

weight = 40
+++

## v0.9.1

> * Fixed --kubecontext in subctl commands and now it properly works as it used to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed --kubecontext in `subctl` commands and now it properly works as it used to.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `--kubecontext` flag in `subctl` commands now works properly.
```

> * Simplified `subctl cloud prepare aws` to extract credentials, infra id and region from local configuration field (if available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Simplified `subctl cloud prepare aws` to extract credentials, infra id and region from local configuration file (if available).
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Simplified `subctl cloud prepare aws` to extract the credentials, infra id and region from a local configuration file (if available).
```

> * natt-discovery-port and udp-port can now be set via node annotations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `natt-discovery-port` and `udp-port` options can now be set via node annotations.
```

> * Fixed support to set natt-discovery-port and udp-port via node annotations.

Reviewer: What do you mean "fixed support"?
